dress rehearsal of the Belarusian game
fees on the eve of the home world championship
rival Denmark national team are pretty familiar
old especially since very recently
Belarusians for the children did not happen on
the territory of the kingdom in the territory
pink hansa christian anderssen then
teams wins
exchange the championship transfer
drink throw on goal
cool acting simon nelson again
Andrew expressed Stepan these to a single
denominator how to play
what plays and the main thing how to achieve
positive result of our region
caught if the enemy's matting
long ago gave up preparing another groove
ready tsu he threw again yes yes not one
two and not three even with his completed
today another attempt to quit good
aggressive which pokon show our
countrymen cat sheep throw barbell
the puck pleased after the shot Michael
Grabovsky and now headed
board team you are led
perhaps the most dangerous attack in this
duel cast and on for the first time vitali
coval puck and met here in my
already our overlooked jeff platt
lost the puck was soon my not
figured out you throw 4 happiness for us
and I threw alcohol vts for 6 and riga
strikes a good yield which frame
bodies above the target although don't roll ask about
Grabowski was very promising by
you
but
struck
Alexey Kalyuzhny was one puck
Stepanova which constantly universities or
numbers on the analysis and politely on the patch
cast it he needs to pay increased
Attention
There Wart Genetz without CAT and
bad shot on goal coval she
our goalkeeper has time
with whom see cool jeff fee
from his counterpart and forgets to quit
forgets also and the transfer of the bone is called
make a moment throw beat off nelson
cast kind of easily slaves and was not here
voice washer great time to sleep someone else
2 in 1 family of our bone bone for a long time
become thought what to do i don't understand
what was the temptation to do
return transmission and this is already Danish
command also showing teeth and can
say to you at least one in new
Patrick's bjork of dengan countries as he plays
outdoor hockey
kalyuzhny master kalyuzhnaya and cool
played out for 6 pucks owns saves him
partner also finds granovsky and
of course great
transfer throw it would win why
stepans
success of our team
brings the first link can vary
that's started
remind just in case the main
groups that Jensen lost the puck and
For years, Jean Man asks our guys
play faster here is a quick transition from
defense to attack
transfer grabovsky rode kalyuzhny
until the bogat team fails to attack
throw just in case threw flap
on vitali coval allah will send to the cast
and no questions can be
cool washers Danish team in the ninth
hour flew from the attack a good pass
Yakmenko giving a failed to repeat
feat jeff stopped march down the street
Case 1 is good
transfer throw coval order andrika
Revana under Madame
eleven
one defender has him very Cyrill
are preparing the national team of Belarus to throw
your third puck and
happy at heart with this great success
congratulations here is it transfer and empty
goal
what I would stepana after exhausting
passo
on the coffins of classes, Grisha intercepted him
Usenko you can continue the attack
constantin rings good gear
will be the removal
the Danish national team but it would be better
better in alexina filming and
forwarded the hornbeam kalyuzhny puck
Stepan again on pyataks
bear she went to washers sergey kostitsin and
who finally locked the farthest
barbell we talked about it
I will note again today that it is joyful that
implemented most grabovski dai
God decided on wine shock master
Of course master big this is not the time you already
celebrated
perfect gear and not perfect
the action of sergey kostitsin circle and
alcohol and jensen
unsuccessfully hesitated to aggravate
same yong sen marten greene on a defender
just once and the puck flew in to again
hit the nine really don't know
Is there someone there stick but I really do not know for sure
closed up solved Nikolai Stasenko handle
the numbers made Andrei go wrong
rival become gear and re
closes the far bar Sergey Bonetsyn
Well, not one to one but very similar
on goal number 4 to exactly 74 number
broke away from my guardian on I was
there and yulin and jacobson and no problem
ferried the puck to goal 52
not going to give up
are going to hit ours at least once more
gate and no regulator chic chance
the angle was pretty sharp but cumbria
stepanova dubai sergey andrey stepanova
double sergey kostitsyn
the salary after the total is just ours
the national team won a return with a score of 5 2 s
than I congratulate you and look forward to
including World Cup would